README.md, before:

# The Lord of the Rings

## Description

This project is a comprehensive and interactive wiki dedicated to the world of J.R.R. Tolkien's *The Lord of the Rings*. It provides detailed information about the characters, places, events, and lore that shape the legendary Middle-earth.

You can visit the live project here: [Lord of the Rings Wiki](https://lord-of-the-rings-4444a.web.app/)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this project in a new folder: ```git clone https://github.com/devcarlosperez/the-lorg-of-the-rings-project```
2. Navigate to the project folder: ```cd the-lord-of-the-rings-project```
3. Install the required dependencies by running: ```npm install```
4. Enjoy!!: ```npm run dev```

## Inspiration

https://www.figma.com/design/FJgz7zitdGzItB1Z01V2LE/NFT-Marketplace-Website-(Community)?node-id=0-1&p=f&t=umLqzj9UI8opmE0q-0

## Build With

- *React*
- *Vite*
- *HTML5*
- *CSS3*
- *JavaScript*

## Third-party Components Used

- [*Boxicons*](https://boxicons.com/)
- [*Leaflet*](https://react-leaflet.js.org/)
- [*React-Bootstrap*](https://react-bootstrap.netlify.app/)

## Tutorials

- I've based the structure and style of this README on two templates: [Template 1](https://github.com/devcarlosperez/japan-project) and [Template 2](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
- I followed a tutorial to implement the Scroll to Top button functionality: [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKbNCWb6USQ)
- I followed a tutorial on how to implement RSS feeds from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xml_rss.asp)

## Acknowdledgments

Special thanks to Professor Tiburcio for his guidance and feedback, and to my classmates for their support and ideas throughout development.

## Author

Carlos Luis Pérez Santana

Commit message:

changes in the readme and add rss feed

README.md, after:

# The Lord of the Rings

## Description

This project is a comprehensive and interactive wiki dedicated to the world of J.R.R. Tolkien's *The Lord of the Rings*. It provides detailed information about the characters, places, events, and lore that shape the legendary Middle-earth.

You can visit the live project here: [Lord of the Rings Wiki](https://lord-of-the-rings-4444a.web.app/)

## Getting Started

1. Clone this project in a new folder: ```git clone https://github.com/devcarlosperez/the-lorg-of-the-rings-project```
2. Navigate to the project folder: ```cd the-lord-of-the-rings-project```
3. Install the required dependencies by running: ```npm install```
4. Enjoy!!: ```npm run dev```

## Inspiration

https://www.figma.com/design/FJgz7zitdGzItB1Z01V2LE/NFT-Marketplace-Website-(Community)?node-id=0-1&p=f&t=umLqzj9UI8opmE0q-0

## Build With

- *React*
- *Vite*
- *HTML5*
- *CSS3*
- *JavaScript*

## Third-party Components Used

- [*Boxicons*](https://boxicons.com/)
- [*Leaflet*](https://react-leaflet.js.org/)
- [*React-Bootstrap*](https://react-bootstrap.netlify.app/)

## Tutorials

- I've based the structure and style of this README on two templates: [Template 1](https://github.com/devcarlosperez/japan-project) and [Template 2](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template)
- I followed a tutorial to implement the Scroll to Top button functionality: [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKbNCWb6USQ)
- I followed a tutorial on how to implement RSS feeds from [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/xml/xml_rss.asp)

## RSS Feed Preview

Here is a preview of the RSS feed displaying character data:

[RSS Feed Screenshot](/images/rss-feed.png)

## Acknowdledgments

Special thanks to Professor Tiburcio for his guidance and feedback, and to my classmates for their support and ideas throughout development.

## Author

Carlos Luis Pérez Santana
